README.md, before:

# Vue Dino App

A simple dinosaur info app to show dino data in form of table using ag-grid and related libraries.

![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-35495E?style=for-the-badge&logo=vue.js&logoColor=4FC08D)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-646CFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![ag-Grid](https://img.shields.io/badge/ag--Grid-FF9933?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)

## Table of Contents
1. [Project Briefing](#project-briefing)
2. [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
3. [Screenshots](#screenshots)
4. [Updates](#updates)
5. [Thank You](#thank-you)

## Project Briefing
Vue Dino App is a simple and interactive application built using Vue 3 and Vite. The app demonstrates modern front-end development practices and serves as a starting point for developers exploring Vue 3's `<script setup>` syntax.

I wanted to test ag-grid community edition for Vue so that is how this project came into existence. Ag-grid makes it easy to sort and filter by individual columns in a table. Below is the sample code used from ag-grid library to display dinosaurs in tabular format, sorting is enabled on all columns plus there is custom theme.

```Vue
<ag-grid-vue
    v-if="dinosaurData"
    class="ag-theme-alpine"
    style="width: 100%; height: 400px"
    :columnDefs="columnDefs"
    :rowData="dinosaurData.results"
    :modules="modules"
    :defaultColDef="defaultColDef"
    :gridOptions="gridOptions"
    @grid-ready="onGridReady"
/>

import "@ag-grid-community/styles/ag-grid.css";
import "@ag-grid-community/styles/ag-theme-alpine.css";
import { ClientSideRowModelModule } from "@ag-grid-community/client-side-row-model";
import { AgGridVue } from "@ag-grid-community/vue3";

const modules = ref([ClientSideRowModelModule]);

// ag grid config
const columnDefs = ref([
  { field: "id", headerName: "ID", sortable: true, filter: true },
  { field: "name", headerName: "Name", sortable: true, filter: true },
  { field: "diet", headerName: "Diet", sortable: true, filter: true },
  { field: "period", headerName: "Period", sortable: true, filter: true },
  { field: "lived_in", headerName: "Lived In", sortable: true, filter: true },
  { field: "type", headerName: "Type", sortable: true, filter: true },
  { field: "length", headerName: "Length", sortable: true, filter: true },
  { field: "taxonomy", headerName: "Taxonomy", sortable: true, filter: true },
  { field: "named_by", headerName: "Named By", sortable: true, filter: true },
  { field: "species", headerName: "Species", sortable: true, filter: true },
]);

const defaultColDef = ref({
  flex: 1,
  minWidth: 100,
  resizable: true,
});

const gridOptions = ref({
  animateRows: true,
  rowHeight: 50,
  headerHeight: 50,
});

const customTheme = ref({
  header: {
    backgroundColor: "#1D1616",
    color: "#FFF",
  },
});
```

On grid ready is the function triggered to change the default styles of ag-grid when it becomes part of the DOM.

## Technologies Used
- Vue 3
- Vite
- JavaScript (ES6+)
- HTML5
- CSS3

## Screenshots

To be added in future

## Updates
- **v1.0.0**: Initial release with basic functionality.
- **v1.1.0**: Added new features and improved performance.

## Thank You
Thank you for exploring the Vue Dino App! Feel free to contribute or provide feedback to help improve the project.

Learn more about IDE Support for Vue in the [Vue Docs Scaling up Guide](https://vuejs.org/guide/scaling-up/tooling.html#ide-support).

Commit message:

added screenshot and updated README

README.md, after:

# Vue Dino App

A simple dinosaur info app to show dino data in form of table using ag-grid and related libraries.

![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-35495E?style=for-the-badge&logo=vue.js&logoColor=4FC08D)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-646CFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![ag-Grid](https://img.shields.io/badge/ag--Grid-FF9933?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)

## Table of Contents
1. [Project Briefing](#project-briefing)
2. [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
3. [Screenshots](#screenshots)
4. [Updates](#updates)
5. [Thank You](#thank-you)

## Project Briefing
Vue Dino App is a simple and interactive application built using Vue 3 and Vite. The app demonstrates modern front-end development practices and serves as a starting point for developers exploring Vue 3's `<script setup>` syntax.

I wanted to test ag-grid community edition for Vue so that is how this project came into existence. Ag-grid makes it easy to sort and filter by individual columns in a table. Below is the sample code used from ag-grid library to display dinosaurs in tabular format, sorting is enabled on all columns plus there is custom theme.

```Vue
<ag-grid-vue
    v-if="dinosaurData"
    class="ag-theme-alpine"
    style="width: 100%; height: 400px"
    :columnDefs="columnDefs"
    :rowData="dinosaurData.results"
    :modules="modules"
    :defaultColDef="defaultColDef"
    :gridOptions="gridOptions"
    @grid-ready="onGridReady"
/>

import "@ag-grid-community/styles/ag-grid.css";
import "@ag-grid-community/styles/ag-theme-alpine.css";
import { ClientSideRowModelModule } from "@ag-grid-community/client-side-row-model";
import { AgGridVue } from "@ag-grid-community/vue3";

const modules = ref([ClientSideRowModelModule]);

// ag grid config
const columnDefs = ref([
  { field: "id", headerName: "ID", sortable: true, filter: true },
  { field: "name", headerName: "Name", sortable: true, filter: true },
  { field: "diet", headerName: "Diet", sortable: true, filter: true },
  { field: "period", headerName: "Period", sortable: true, filter: true },
  { field: "lived_in", headerName: "Lived In", sortable: true, filter: true },
  { field: "type", headerName: "Type", sortable: true, filter: true },
  { field: "length", headerName: "Length", sortable: true, filter: true },
  { field: "taxonomy", headerName: "Taxonomy", sortable: true, filter: true },
  { field: "named_by", headerName: "Named By", sortable: true, filter: true },
  { field: "species", headerName: "Species", sortable: true, filter: true },
]);

const defaultColDef = ref({
  flex: 1,
  minWidth: 100,
  resizable: true,
});

const gridOptions = ref({
  animateRows: true,
  rowHeight: 50,
  headerHeight: 50,
});

const customTheme = ref({
  header: {
    backgroundColor: "#1D1616",
    color: "#FFF",
  },
});
```

On grid ready is the function triggered to change the default styles of ag-grid when it becomes part of the DOM.

## Technologies Used
- Vue 3
- Vite
- JavaScript (ES6+)
- HTML5
- CSS3

## Screenshots

Only one screenshot is added, it is from the homepage and shows the tabular view of Dinosaur.

![Dinosaur Table View](./screenshots/1.png)

## Updates
- **v1.0.0**: Initial release with basic functionality.
- **v1.1.0**: Added new features and improved performance.

## Thank You
Thank you for exploring the Vue Dino App! Feel free to contribute or provide feedback to help improve the project. If you liked this project consider giving it a ⭐

Learn more about IDE Support for Vue in the [Vue Docs Scaling up Guide](https://vuejs.org/guide/scaling-up/tooling.html#ide-support).
